Zhen Xiao

5/4/17

Goal:Look into CSS frameworks as well as what features the user may want.

Result:I managed to install git and discussed how the client will interact with the website. Tomorrow, I will look into CSS frameworks with Javiy.

5/5/17 

Goal:I need to try polishing up the website by populating it with text that relates to the project.

Result:I added a list to Javiy's college selection list. 

Next session:I need to get other parts of Javiy's page converted into material design and polish the index page so it doesn't look like I copied it from somewhere else.

5/8/17

Goal:I need to look into storing information on a server with Anthony and Max.

Result:We discussed what the client will want and I committed Javiy's code because he has a fever and can't work. 

Next session:I need to look into jQuery to understand how to enter information into PHP and make text change.

5/9/17

Goal:I need to make the website mobile compatible and look into PHP.

Result:SQL servers are up, connection attempted but failed, having trouble with CSS. 

Next session:Look into making MySQL server connect and discuss future of project.

5/10/17

Goal:I need to set up the MAMP server so I can locally access SQL servers.

Result:Connection with SQL server established, cannot access SQL database.

Next session:My group needs to find a way to connect to SQL database.

5/11/17

Goal:I need to work with Max and Anthony to set up SQL server access. Also I have to research information layouts.

Result:Dynamically adding and selecting courses is successful. I need to research how to scrape information off CUNY websites.

Next session:I need to research how to scrape information off CUNY websites and look into how to present information.

5/12/17

Goal:I need to research and attempt to implement web scraping

Result:SQL server worked, converting CUNY courses into .csv files.

Next session:Add more CUNY schools.

5/15/17

Goal:Add City College's required courses as a .csv

Result:City College has been converted to .csv, database created, I need to populate it with teachers.

Next session:I need to populate the table with professors and work with Javiy on the webpage.

5/16/17

Goal:I need to work on getting the database having the right attributes and work on the website input forms.

Result:Me and Javiy added bottom page modals for advanced searches and beautified webpage.

Next session:I need to spend more time on first, second and third normal form for the SQL server.

5/17/17

Goal:I need to work on polishing up the website and have it incorporate more custom CSS framework capability and set up pair programming.

Result:Website looks a bit better and SQL database structure has been refined a bit.

Next session: I need to work more on the website and incorporate more custom CSS components.

5/22/17

Goal:I need to work with the other members to populate the database.

Result:Database is populated with mandatory courses.

Next session:I need to prepare SQL commands to populate dropdowns.

5/23/17

Goal:I need to set up a new page that would display your schedule and potential conflicts.

Result:I discussed the layout of the schedule webpage with Javiy and Max and Anthony got the database info into the HTML through PHP.

Next session:Auto populate the courses using the database when a user selects a college.


5/24/17

Goal:I need to work with Javiy to get a list of teachers from Hunter college.

Result:I reduced the amount of negative space in the navbar.

Next session:Work with Anthony and Max to attempt to populate the website.

5/25/17

Goal:I need to work with Javiy to get the answers out of Hunter College.

Result:I made a carousel and began work on course verification.

Next session:Get the course verification to work.

5/26/17

Goal:Since the other group members are not here, I'm going to make the website look a bit better.

Result:I fixed the submit button and course verification function and started work on sending arrays to the schedule page.

Next session:Get the SQL database ready.

5/30/17

Goal:I have to try extracting information from the CUNY course viewer.

Result:I discussed how to implement the table with Javiy.

Result:I need to implement the table tomorrow.
